README.md, before:

For english scroll down

#Obywatelskie wsparcie ustawy o opłacie i dywidendzie węglowej

Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) jest międzynarodową organizacją pozarządową, która szkoli i wspiera wolontariuszy, by zbudować relacje z przedstawicielami okręgów wyborczych w celu wpłynięcia na politykę w sprawie zmiany klimatu. Działając od 2007 roku, celami CCL jest budowa międzypartyjnego wsparcia, by uchwalić opłaty węglowe, a w szczególności neutralnej pod względem dochodów państwa opłaty i dywidendy węglowej. CCL jest wspierane przez znaczących klimatologów jak James Hansen, Katharine Hayhoe i Daniel Kammen.

#How to make a similar website in other languages
If you have a web developer familiar with GIT version control system, fork it on github.
If you have limited dev resources you can just click "Download ZIP" button.

## Edit index.html and provide your text instead of existing Polish text
## Edit img files
Preferably
Download Gimp https://www.gimp.org/downloads/
you can google Gimp tutorial if you don't know the tool yet or watch some tutorial on youtube.
Edit xcf/ files. Export new png sprites and images.

Alternatively (lower experience requirement)
Open img/ccl-logo-sprite.png in any image editor software (like Microsoft Paint)
Replace Polish flag with your flag and text. Test if it looks nice

Note: sprite image contains 3 graphics together, it's a bundle saving network traffic and optimizing user experience. Each graphic has to be in right place so that animation looks good.

## Edit email address
It has anti-spam protection 'pol' + 'and' instead of poland@domain.com

You can break your country word in pieces and create something like 'coun'+'try'

Commit message:

Replaced static News section with dynamic thumbnails and links to WordPress articles in CCL Blog Using CSS grid to position pictures and links DB connection details are in separate file to avoid someone committing them to git repo or uploading local settings to production. News have 4 resolution breakpoints to support mobile devices Added guide explaining how to setup local dev environment

README.md, after:

For english scroll down

#Obywatelskie wsparcie ustawy o opłacie i dywidendzie węglowej

Citizens’ Climate Lobby (CCL) jest międzynarodową organizacją pozarządową, która szkoli i wspiera wolontariuszy, by zbudować relacje z przedstawicielami okręgów wyborczych w celu wpłynięcia na politykę w sprawie zmiany klimatu. Działając od 2007 roku, celami CCL jest budowa międzypartyjnego wsparcia, by uchwalić opłaty węglowe, a w szczególności neutralnej pod względem dochodów państwa opłaty i dywidendy węglowej. CCL jest wspierane przez znaczących klimatologów jak James Hansen, Katharine Hayhoe i Daniel Kammen.

#How to make a similar website in other languages
If you have a web developer familiar with GIT version control system, fork it on github.
If you have limited dev resources you can just click "Download ZIP" button.

## Edit index.php and provide your text instead of existing Polish text
## Edit img files
Preferably
Download Gimp https://www.gimp.org/downloads/
you can google Gimp tutorial if you don't know the tool yet or watch some tutorial on youtube.
Edit xcf/ files. Export new png sprites and images.

Alternatively (lower experience requirement)
Open img/ccl-logo-sprite.png in any image editor software (like Microsoft Paint)
Replace Polish flag with your flag and text. Test if it looks nice

Note: sprite image contains 3 graphics together, it's a bundle saving network traffic and optimizing user experience. Each graphic has to be in right place so that animation looks good.

## Edit email address
It has anti-spam protection 'pol' + 'and' instead of poland@domain.com

You can break your country word in pieces and create something like 'coun'+'try'

# Setting up dev environment with PHP and MySQL
#### Install XAMPP
#### Configure httpd.conf
~~~~
Alias /ccl "D:/projects/ccl-polska"

<Directory "D:/projects/ccl-polska">
    Options Indexes FollowSymLinks Includes ExecCGI
    AllowOverride All
    Order allow,deny
    Allow from all
    Require all granted
</Directory>
~~~~
#### Export WordPress DB and import it locally
You will need to create a user
~~~~
create user 'theuser' identified by 'thepassword'
GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON thedb.* TO 'theuser'
~~~~
#### update config.php
Put your local database credentials in config.php. Don't commit it to the git repository!
